# Pose-Mirroring-using-Nao
Capstone project
The project “Pose Mirroring Using Nao” make the robot Nao mirror the pose and gesture of the user. This classifies the gestures of the user and tries to replicate the same thing as a mirror. These poses include the basic gestures like salute, rising one hand in the air, rising two hands in the air, folded hands, namaste etc. Humans usually do the mirroring of gestures in a social conversation; this helps in improving the social interaction. 
Using this on robots, if robots start doing this pose mirroring like humans do in an interaction the wellness of Human Robot Interaction will be very good. When the robot does that thing of mirroring the poses that the human in front of it is doing, it makes the humans think better about the way robots work and the capabilities of the robot. 
From the days of the robot advancement has come into limelight, there has always been a debate on the capabilities of robots being empathetic when they interact with humans. This problem is the main reason for this project to come into existence. To improve the perception of humans that robots aren’t empathetic towards humans during HRI we thought this vision of the project is very crucial. Imagine robots doing things like mirroring the poses while interacting with humans like humans do it will for sure make humans think better about the robot. 
This will create a positive impact on robots in human minds. This will help in the support to advance the robot technology which is paramount in the present time of technology advancement. Our project still has limitations and cannot solve the problem completely but having advancements to this project idea and the vision, the goal can be achieved. 
